In this video, we're going to set up our scaffold config file.
The scaffold config file is going to watch our infra directory.
Any time we make a change to a config file, it will automatically apply it to our cluster.
It's also going to make sure that any time we change any code inside of our auth directory, it will
sync all the files inside there with the appropriate running container inside of our cluster.
So to create our scaffold config file, I'm going to find my root project directory and inside there
I'll make another file called scaffold dot yaml like so.
Inside of here.
We're going to write out some config.
It's going to be absolutely identical in nature to the project we were just working on.
Just one or two very small things are going to change the inside.
If you're I'll put in an API version of scaffold slash v two, alpha three.
A kind of config.
I'll set up a deploy section.
The deploy section is going to list out all the different config files we want to load into our cluster.
Inside of deploy.
We'll list out CTL.
Manifests.
And then we'll list out all the directories or all the files we want to sync or make use of.
So in our case, we're going to say take a look at infra.
Hey, Eight's star.
So get all the files inside of in for a K star.
And really, at the start of that path, we should put in a dot slash like so to say from the current
working directory, go into infra then k and then find all the files inside there.
Next up, at the very top level of indentation, we'll set up a built.
So we're going to put in local with a push of false.
Once again, this is going to say that whenever we build an image, do not try to push it off to Docker
Hub or anything like that, which is the default behavior.
Well, then list out our artifacts.
So these are going to be all the things that are going to be built, and I need to fix my spelling.
That is better.
So we're going to list out the image that's going to be produced by that auth project.
So inside of you, I'll say there's going to be an image called my Docker ID slash auth.
The context or the folder that contains all the code for this image is off.
So I'll list out a context of off.
I'm going to specify the Docker file to use.
So I'll say Docker, docker file, docker file.
Notice the capitalization here.
So lowercase D, lowercase and capital D.
And we'll set up the sink section, which is going to tell Scaffold how to handle any files that change
inside of here.
We'll say that we're going to give it some manual configuration and be very explicit about what to do
when some files inside of here change.
I'm going to say array entry.
So it's the dash right there.
SOARES So this is going to be the set of files that scaffold needs to watch.
I want scaffold to watch inside of my CRC directory and find all the files inside there that end with
dots because we want to sync all the relevant typescript files.
So inside of a set of single quotes, I will list out CRC slash star.
Star slash dots.
And they will set up a destination of DOT.
The destination of DOT means where to sync this file to inside of our running container.
The dot means basically just take wherever the file was found from and throw it to the corresponding
path inside the container.
All right, so that should be enough config to get us started.
So I'm going to save this file and we're going to go back over to our terminal and run scaffold and
just make sure that we can get our project up and running inside of our cluster.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
If you are still running scaffold from the previous project, do make sure that you close it at this
point so you'll want to find the terminal window that is running scaffold and press control.
See inside of it.
We'll then change into our ticketing directory, which is where our scaffold HTML file should be.
And inside of here we should be able to do a scaffold dev like so.
If you get an error the first time you run scaffold dev, that's totally fine.
Try killing the process with control C and then running scaffold dead dev a second time.
You only have to do that if you end up seeing some kind of distinct error message.
Just, you know, warnings, as you see right here, are not errors.
They are simply warnings, not errors.
Okay.
So it looks like I successfully built the image.
We then started the deploy with scaffold.
A fourth deployment was created and an service was created as well.
And then right here I can see all the output coming from my newly running container.
So I've got my listing on Port 3000 right there.
Awesome.
So now at this point in time, in theory, we should be able to go back over to our project, open up
the indexed file inside there, make changes to this thing, and see it reflected inside of scaffold.
So I'm going to find the console.log where we say listing on Port 3000 and I'm going to add in a couple
of exclamations at the end like so.
Well, then save the file.
I'm going to flip back over and I should see listing on port 3000 with a bunch more exclamations like
so.
Now, if you do not see that update right away, that is totally okay.
Remember I mentioned that sometimes we run into some really big issues on detecting changes made to
projects that are running inside of a Docker container.
So if you don't see an immediate change, that is fine.
Let's take a quick pause right here and take a look at what you should do if you do not see a change.